These are not authoritative definitions. This is a brief summary of the terms 
used in Lingua::Wordnet. The first list are the pointer types which have been 
added to Wordnet. The second list is taken from the Wordnet documenation.

noun attribute
    An adjective which defines a quality of a noun. "Yellow" is a noun 
    attribute of "canary".
function
    A verb which defines an action performed by a noun. "Sing" is a function
    of "canary".
meronyms
    The name of a constituent part of, the substance of, or a member of
    something. X is a meronym of Y if X is a part of Y . The sub-types for 
    meronyms in Lingua::Wordnet are:

    component-object: X is part of Y
    member-collection: X is a member of group Y
    stuff-object: Y is made of X
    portion-mass: X is a segment or portion of Y
    feature-activity: X is part of the activity Y
    place-area: X is a place in Y
    phase-process: X is part of the process Y
    
holonyms
    The name of the whole of which the meronym names a part. Y is a
    holonym of X if X is a part of Y . The subdivision of types is the 
    same as meronyms above. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

adjective cluster 
      A group of adjective synsets that are organized around antonymous
      pairs or triplets. An adjective cluster contains two or more head
      synsets which represent antonymous concepts. Each head synset has
      one or more satellite synsets . 
attribute 
      A noun for which adjectives express values. The noun weight is an
      attribute, for which the adjectives light and heavy express values. 
base form 
      The base form of a word or collocation is the form to which inflections
      are added. 
basic synset 
      Syntactically, same as synset . Term is used in wninput(5WN) to help
      explain differences in entering synsets in lexicographer files. 
co-occurrence key 
      A semantic tag which is optionally present in a sentence along with a
      primary key in order for escort(5WN) to retrieve the sentence. 
collocation 
      A collocation in WordNet is a string of two or more words, connected
      by spaces or hyphens. Examples are: man-eating shark, blue-collar,
      depend on, line of products. In the database files spaces are
      represented as underscore (_ ) characters. 
coordinate 
      Coordinate terms are words that have the same hypernym . 
cross-cluster pointer 
      A semantic pointer from one adjective cluster to another. 
cousin 
      Senses whose hyponyms bear a specific relation to each other. 
direct antonyms 
      A pair of words between which there is an associative bond built up by
      co-occurrences. In adjective clusters , direct antonyms appears only
      in head synsets . 
entailment 
      A verb X entails Y if X cannot be done unless Y is, or has been, done. 
exception list 
      Morphological transformations for words that are not regular and
      therefore cannot be processed in an algorithmic manner. 
group 
      Senses deemed similar by the cousin , sister or twin relations. 
gloss 
      Definition and/or example sentences for a synset. 
head synset 
      Synset in an adjective cluster containing at least one word that has a
      direct antonym . 
holonym 
      The name of the whole of which the meronym names a part. Y is a
      holonym of X if X is a part of Y . 
hypernym 
      The generic term used to designate a whole class of specific instances.
      Y is a hypernym of X if X is a (kind of) Y . 
hyponym 
      The specific term used to designate a member of a class. X is a
      hyponym of Y if X is a (kind of) Y . 
indirect antonym 
      An adjective in a satellite synset that does not have a direct antonym
      has an indirect antonyms via the direct antonym of the head synset . 
lemma 
      lower case ASCII text of word as found in the WordNet database index
      files. 
lexical pointer 
      A lexical pointer indicates a relation between words in synsets (word
      forms). 
monosemous 
      Having only one sense in a syntactic category. 
meronym 
      The name of a constituent part of, the substance of, or a member of
      something. X is a meronym of Y if X is a part of Y . 
part of speech 
      WordNet defines "part of speech" as either noun, verb, adjective, or
      adverb. Same as syntactic category . 
participial adjective 
      An adjective that is derived from a verb. 
pertainym 
      A relational adjective. Adjectives that are pertainyms are usually
      defined by such phrases as "of or pertaining to" and do not have
      antonyms. A pertainym can point to a noun or another pertainym. 
polysemous 
      Having more than one sense in a syntactic category. 
polysemy count 
      Number of senses of a word in a syntactic category, in WordNet. 
postnominal 
      A postnominal adjective occurs only immediately following the noun
      that it modifies. 
predicative 
      An adjective that can be used only in predicate positions. If X is a
      predicate adjective, it can be used in such phrases as "it is X ". 
prenominal 
      An adjective that can occur only before the noun that it modifies. 
primary key 
      A semantic tag which must be present in a sentence in order for
      escort(5WN) to retrieve the sentence. 
satellite synset 
      Synset in an adjective cluster representing a concept that is similar in
      meaning to the concept represented by its head synset . 
semantic concordance 
      A textual corpus (Brown Corpus) and a lexicon (WordNet) so
      combined that every substantive word in the text is linked to its
      appropriate sense in the lexicon via a semantic tag . 
semantic tag 
      A pointer from a text file to a specific sense of a word in the WordNet
      database. A semantic tag in a semantic concordance is represented by
      a sense key . 
semantic pointer 
      A semantic pointer indicates a relation between synsets (word
      meanings). 
sense 
      A meaning of a word in WordNet. Each sense of a word is in a different
      synset . 
sense key 
      Information necessary to find a sense in the WordNet database. A
      sense key combines a lemma field and codes for the synset type,
      lexicographer id, lexicographer file number, and information about a
      satellite's head synset , if required. See senseidx(5WN) for a
      description of the format of a sense key. 
sister 
      Matching strings that are both the immediate hyponyms of the same
      superordinate . 
subordinate 
      Same as hyponym . 
superordinate 
      Same as hypernym . 
synset 
      A synonym set; a set of words that are interchangeable in some
      context. 
troponym 
      A verb expressing a specific manner elaboration of another verb. X is a
      troponym of Y if to X is to Y in some manner. 
twin 
      Synsets having at least three words in common. 
unique beginner 
      A noun synset with no superordinate . 


